README.md, before:

# Advent of Code 2022

To run all days:

```sh
cargo run --release
```

Timings generated by:

The `cargo-criterion` crate is useful to get nice benchmarks.

```sh
cargo criterion
```

Though not required, this just doesn't have as nice output, and will deprecate plots soon:

```sh
cargo bench
```

## Timings

```
day01/get_input         time:   [41.744 µs 41.776 µs 41.813 µs]
day01/part1             time:   [506.21 ps 508.32 ps 510.53 ps]
day01/part2             time:   [1.8163 ns 1.8205 ns 1.8256 ns]

day02/get_input         time:   [45.677 µs 46.660 µs 47.879 µs]
day02/part1             time:   [7.4283 µs 7.4775 µs 7.5331 µs]
day02/part2             time:   [13.339 µs 13.472 µs 13.649 µs]

day03/get_input         time:   [25.407 µs 25.541 µs 25.707 µs]
day03/part1             time:   [510.56 ns 513.14 ns 516.31 ns]
day03/part2             time:   [213.95 ns 215.77 ns 218.01 ns]

day04/get_input         time:   [53.297 µs 53.618 µs 54.137 µs]
day04/part1             time:   [1.2248 µs 1.2271 µs 1.2296 µs]
day04/part2             time:   [2.1796 µs 2.1856 µs 2.1924 µs]

day05/get_input         time:   [29.265 µs 29.332 µs 29.403 µs]
day05/part1             time:   [7.0437 µs 7.1417 µs 7.2349 µs]
day05/part2             time:   [5.0517 µs 5.0745 µs 5.1015 µs]

```

## Original Timings

```
day01/get_input         time:   [86.597 µs 86.773 µs 86.980 µs]
day01/part1             time:   [811.66 ns 813.55 ns 815.58 ns]
day01/part2             time:   [5.3042 µs 5.3207 µs 5.3401 µs]

day02/get_input         time:   [155.28 µs 157.07 µs 159.38 µs]
day02/part1             time:   [10.627 µs 10.668 µs 10.719 µs]
day02/part2             time:   [9.6086 µs 9.6317 µs 9.6583 µs]

day03/get_input         time:   [91.904 µs 93.008 µs 94.309 µs]
day03/part1             time:   [230.05 µs 234.30 µs 239.73 µs]
day03/part2             time:   [253.34 µs 256.95 µs 261.45 µs]

day04/get_input         time:   [53.297 µs 53.618 µs 54.137 µs]
day04/part1             time:   [1.2248 µs 1.2271 µs 1.2296 µs]
day04/part2             time:   [2.1796 µs 2.1856 µs 2.1924 µs]

day05/get_input         time:   [33.789 µs 33.987 µs 34.206 µs]
day05/part1             time:   [5.4411 µs 5.5016 µs 5.5739 µs]
day05/part2             time:   [14.364 µs 14.828 µs 15.247 µs]

```

## Failed experiments

To fill eventually

Commit message:

Added heapless many1 parser for the future
It may come in handy.

README.md, after:

# Advent of Code 2022

To run all days:

```sh
cargo run --release
```

Timings generated by:

The `cargo-criterion` crate is useful to get nice benchmarks.

```sh
cargo criterion
```

Though not required, this just doesn't have as nice output, and will deprecate plots soon:

```sh
cargo bench
```

## Timings

```
day01/get_input         time:   [41.744 µs 41.776 µs 41.813 µs]
day01/part1             time:   [506.21 ps 508.32 ps 510.53 ps]
day01/part2             time:   [1.8163 ns 1.8205 ns 1.8256 ns]

day02/get_input         time:   [45.677 µs 46.660 µs 47.879 µs]
day02/part1             time:   [7.4283 µs 7.4775 µs 7.5331 µs]
day02/part2             time:   [13.339 µs 13.472 µs 13.649 µs]

day03/get_input         time:   [25.407 µs 25.541 µs 25.707 µs]
day03/part1             time:   [510.56 ns 513.14 ns 516.31 ns]
day03/part2             time:   [213.95 ns 215.77 ns 218.01 ns]

day04/get_input         time:   [53.297 µs 53.618 µs 54.137 µs]
day04/part1             time:   [1.2248 µs 1.2271 µs 1.2296 µs]
day04/part2             time:   [2.1796 µs 2.1856 µs 2.1924 µs]

day05/get_input         time:   [29.265 µs 29.332 µs 29.403 µs]
day05/part1             time:   [7.0437 µs 7.1417 µs 7.2349 µs]
day05/part2             time:   [5.0517 µs 5.0745 µs 5.1015 µs]

```

## Original Timings

```
day01/get_input         time:   [86.597 µs 86.773 µs 86.980 µs]
day01/part1             time:   [811.66 ns 813.55 ns 815.58 ns]
day01/part2             time:   [5.3042 µs 5.3207 µs 5.3401 µs]

day02/get_input         time:   [155.28 µs 157.07 µs 159.38 µs]
day02/part1             time:   [10.627 µs 10.668 µs 10.719 µs]
day02/part2             time:   [9.6086 µs 9.6317 µs 9.6583 µs]

day03/get_input         time:   [91.904 µs 93.008 µs 94.309 µs]
day03/part1             time:   [230.05 µs 234.30 µs 239.73 µs]
day03/part2             time:   [253.34 µs 256.95 µs 261.45 µs]

day04/get_input         time:   [53.297 µs 53.618 µs 54.137 µs]
day04/part1             time:   [1.2248 µs 1.2271 µs 1.2296 µs]
day04/part2             time:   [2.1796 µs 2.1856 µs 2.1924 µs]

day05/get_input         time:   [33.789 µs 33.987 µs 34.206 µs]
day05/part1             time:   [5.4411 µs 5.5016 µs 5.5739 µs]
day05/part2             time:   [14.364 µs 14.828 µs 15.247 µs]

```

## Failed experiments

### Day 5

Attempting to move all the stuff from Vec's to the stack with heapless ended up giving me the following worse timings: 

```
day05/get_input         time:   [31.051 µs 31.192 µs 31.307 µs]
                        change: [-3.5626% -1.3168% +0.4653%] (p = 0.23 > 0.05)
                        No change in performance detected.
day05/part1             time:   [10.293 µs 10.303 µs 10.315 µs]
                        change: [+70.356% +73.084% +75.661%] (p = 0.00 < 0.05)
                        Performance has regressed.
day05/part2             time:   [10.931 µs 10.970 µs 11.023 µs]
                        change: [+92.267% +93.888% +95.383%] (p = 0.00 < 0.05)
                        Performance has regressed.
```
